---
layout: post
title: "Death"
category: Random Thoughts
tags: [random thoughts, death]
---

I feel like discussing the way I view death and share my thought on losing someone who was more than an acquaintance.

So I am someone who enjoys inappropriate humour, specially the ones revolving around death. Hardly ever a day goes by, without me mentioning death in a casual or comedic sense.

I am not sure if this is right or wrong, besides there is nothing as straightforward as right or wrong, absolutely nothing, not even murder.
And often times I wonder what the reason might me for me to take death so casually, and not just limiting it to my friends but also mentioning it to my parents, grandparents and whoever I deem close to me.

Maybe it is because I haven't really experienced losing someone who is deeply close to me. But that is partially untrue. I did lose a friend at the beginning of this year. Someone who I had a wonderful conversation with face to face, laughing about trivial things in life, at the New Year's Eve party, and he was just gone forever after 3 days.
I haven't really been able to speak about it properly to anyone, mostly because I was not BFFs with this person but also not just acquaintance. And I seem to put all my friends in those two categories, so I wasn't sure if my reaction or the things that I wanted to speak about would matter or be appropriate.

I wasn't BFFs with him, so it did not really hit me that hard, but it did somehow make me uneasy to an extreme amount and made my eyes shed tears uncontrollably (for a few days after which I was completely fine).

And I was not just acquaintance with him, I was definitely more than that, so I badly wanted the news to just be a sick "my-kinda-humour" prank and be able to meet this person again in the following vacations to follow.

And somehow this also makes me feel really selfish because it feels like I am making this all about me. But so be it because I really want all this off my chest.
I don't know where I going with this. After his death I did feel some sort of a new sense of frustration and grief that I had never felt before, which made me sort of push away someone from my life that I had become really close to recently around that time, but at the same time I still joke about death.

The thought of my bffs and parents dying has crossed my mind as well, but even that does not make me stop taking death so casually and comedically.

I, for one, am not afraid of death. I am afraid of drowning which is why I have a strong feeling that is how I am destined to die. But I am not afraid of death. I would love to be dead. Everyone does have to die one day or the other, even if they decide to freeze their body now and wake up (or not) after a few centuries when the cure for cancer is discovered.

I am also certain that once a person is dead, the person is dead, so it doesn't really matter to the person after they are dead. It is only when you are alive or experience someone else dying, that brings about emotions of worrisome and the want to not die, which is understandable, relatable and ridiculous to me.

Why worry about things that are certain, wouldn't it be more logical to think about things that are not certain? Such as life?

I am not sure what the point of writing all this was, seems like it was more for reassuring myself of why I think of death the way I do and even at times (like right now) when I get reminded of the person (or more people to get added to the list as time passes by) that is no longer with me and the kind of frustration and uneasiness it brings along, it is all sort of a coping mechanism. Because one other thing certain and beautiful as death is time, with the contrast difference of death having the absence of healing and time being the ultimate embodiment of healing. Our hearts, our mind, our soul, anything can be healed with time, we just need to consciously give time to time, unless death races time to it and we all die without the much needed time we longed for.

Wish everyone reading this a peaceful death.
